hello math fans I am very excited to
announce that entries for the first
Teddy Rocksmith essay competition are
now open this is your chance to write a
short article on your favorite
mathematical topic which could win you a
prize of up to 100 pounds all entries
will be showcased on my website Tom
rocks maths dot-com and the winners will
be published on this and enmund hall
website entry should be between 1,000
and 2,000 words and must be submitted as
in a Microsoft Word or PDF document
using the form via the link below the
closing date is March the 12th and the
winners will be announced in April I
will be in charge of selecting the
winning entries there will be 150 pound
prize for the overall winner and a
second 50 pound prize for the best essay
by a student under the age of 18 other
than this there are zero eligibility
requirements you just need a passion for
maths and a flair for writing to take
part if you do have any questions please
feel free to get in touch with me at Tom
rocks maths at gmail.com and I wish you
the very best of luck and greatly look
forward to reading all of your fantastic
entries and remember keep rocking maths
you